[RDY] commentMonitor refactoring (#262)
prometheus/test-infra: tools/commentMonitor/README.md

# commentMonitor - Inspect github comments to extract arguments from them

`commentMonitor` expects a github event payload as the input and based on the

> regex provided it tries to extract arguments out of the comment. It can also can post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regex argument it extracts arguments out of the comment. It can also post
```

> comments and set labels on the pr extracted from the github event payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comments and set labels on the pr from which the comment was received.
```

> See [`test_event.json`](./test_event.json) for an example of `issue_comment` payload.

Reviewer: don't think we need a copy of an event.json file in the repo as if the api changes this is another piece that we also need to update. Lets just put a link to the api and there are enough examples there:
```suggestion
See [the github issue events api](https://developer.github.com/v3/issues/events/) for some examples.
```

#### Environment Variables:

> - `COMMENT_TEMPLATE`: If set, will attempt to post a comment. Accepts Golang template syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `COMMENT_TEMPLATE`: If set, will post a comment with the content. It uses the Golang template variables substitutions. When `COMMENT_TEMPLATE` text includes a variable name 
 `{{.envVariable}}` that exists as an env variable it is expanded with its content.
```

> - `LABEL_NAME`: If set, will attempt to create a label. Accepts the name of the label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LABEL_NAME`: If set, will add the label to the PR.
```

> - `GITHUB_TOKEN` : GitHub oauth token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GITHUB_TOKEN` : GitHub oauth token used for posting comments and settings the label.
```

> - `ANYTHING_ELSE`: Any other env var passed can be used in the template passed to `COMMENT_TEMPLATE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

with the new wording for the comment variable don't think we need that extra line.

> ## Comment validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A regex needs to be provided for validate the regex with the comment in the event payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Extracting arguments

> The content of the extracted arguments will be written to the filesystem in the `--output` directory with filenames set to `ARG_0`, `ARG_1` and so forth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A regex pattern is provided as an argument which is than used to parse the comment into separate arguments. Each argument is written to a file. 
Using [regex named groups](https://godoc.org/regexp/syntax) is mandatory so that each env file is named after the regex group.
```

lets keep it simple and make the use the regex name groups mandatory.
It is a breaking change but it is ok. Will simplify the code avoid confusion and less likely to human error with the arg file names.

> Use [named & numbered capturing group](https://godoc.org/regexp/syntax) if you want to set custom filename of an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, the following regex will create a file named `RELEASE` with the content of the capture group:
```
(?mi)^/prombench\s*(?P<RELEASE>master|v[0-9]+\.[0-9]+\.[0-9]+\S*)\s*$
```

> Don't provide a regex argument to commentMonitor if commentValidation and argument extraction is not desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The comment parsing is optional and is disabled when no regex is provided.
```

> ## Commenting on PR

Reviewer: I think this one and `## Setting label on PR` can be removed as it repeats what is described in the initial paragraph.

A golang template should be passed to the `COMMENT_TEMPLATE` env var.

The template variables can be accessed with `{{ index .VARIABLE_NAME }}`, the template variables have all the args extracted by commentMonitor aswell all the environment variables.

## Setting label on PR
Specify a custom label with `LABEL_NAME`.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Example for building the docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker image build
```
